DOCSP-45309: CMake option changes (#75)
mongodb/docs-cpp: source/upgrade.txt

Reviewer: The "Upgrading from Version 3.0" example can be updated to refer to the 4.0 release instead:

> EXAMPLE
> **Upgrading to Version 4.0**
> If you're upgrading the driver from version 3.X to version 4.0, address all breaking changes which are listed for version 3.X up to and including version 4.0.

  If you're upgrading the {+driver-short+} from version 3.0 to version 3.10,
  address all breaking changes listed for versions 3.1 to 3.10, if any.

> Types of Breaking Changes
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Suggest merging this section into a continuation of the "Breaking Changes" section and/or consider making both subsections of the "Overview" section such that the ToC looks something like:

> On this page
> - Overview
>     - "This page describes..."
>     - "This page describes..."
> - Breaking Changes
>     - "A breaking change is..."
>     - "New versions of the C++ driver can introduce..."
>     - Version 4.0
>         - ...
>     - Version 3.11
>     - ...

or (my preference):

> On this page
> - Overview
>     - "This page describes..."
>     - "A breaking change is..."
>     - "New versions of the C++ driver can introduce..."
> - Breaking Changes
>     - Version 4.0
>         - ...
>     - Version 3.11
>     - ...

  these changes.

  ABI stability is **not** supported for symbols corresponding to entities declared in
  the ``v_noabi`` namespace. Breaking changes for such symbols are not necessarily
  accompanied by an ABI version bump.

  .. example::

     - Removes the exported symbol ``v_noabi::func()``.
     - Removes the exported symbol ``v1::func()``.
     - Removes the exported symbols for ``v1::type``.

- **Build system** changes concern the build system or packaging of the {+driver-short+}
  libraries. These changes are not necessarily accompanied by either an API major version
  bump or an ABI version bump.
  To address these changes, you might need to modify your build system configurations or
  update your project's package or dependency management settings. You might also need to
  modify or rebuild your C++ source code.

  .. example::

     - Removes the ``ENABLE_FOO`` configuration variable.
     - Changes the default value of the ``ENABLE_BAR`` configuration variable from
       ``OFF`` to ``ON``.
     - Drops support for platform A, compiler B, or architecture C.

.. _upcoming-breaking-changes:
.. _version-4.0-breaking-changes:

> Version 4.0 Breaking Changes

Reviewer: Recommend making these sections (version) visible under the "On this page" table of contents.

> On this page
> - Overview
> - Breaking Changes
>     - Version 4.0 Breaking Changes
>     - Version 3.11 Breaking Changes
>     - ...

Aside: perhaps the section names can be simplified to just "Version 4.0", etc.? See other comment regarding (sub)section layout.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _version-4.0-build-system-breaking:

> .. warning:: Build System Breaking Changes

Reviewer: Given this page is now entirely dedicated to documenting breaking changes, making every section a WARNING is probably overkill. Recommend turning these into subsections instead (as is currently done for [PyMongo](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/languages/python/pymongo-driver/current/upgrade/)):

> ## Breaking Changes
> > NOTE
> > The C++ driver follows semantic versioning. ...
>
> A breaking change is...
> ...
> ### Version 4.0 Breaking Changes
> #### Build System
> The v4.0 driver ... to the build system:
> - Drops support for Boost and MNMLSTC/core...
> ...
> #### API
> The v4.0 driver ... to the API:
> - Drops support for configuring...
> ...
> #### ABI
> The v4.0 driver ... to the ABI:
> - Drops support for ...
> ...
> ### Version 3.11 Breaking Changes
> ...

  - ``BSONCXX_POLY_USE_SYSTEM_MNMLSTC``.
  - ``BSONCXX_POLY_USE_BOOST``.

> - Drops support for the ``MONGOCXX_OVERRIDE_DEFAULT_INSTALL_PREFIX`` configuration
>   option. This option is implicitly set to ``OFF``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drops support for the ``MONGOCXX_OVERRIDE_DEFAULT_INSTALL_PREFIX`` configuration
  option. Default CMake behavior for `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` is now respected.
```
Wording tweak to direct users to CMake options and its (default) behavior. I am having trouble suggesting an alternative wording, but the point we want to make is, "we no longer have any potentially-surprising behavior that differs from normal, common CMake behavior concerning the handling of the install prefix path".
